China OEM adult toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China custom sex toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China realistic dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China TPE dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China adult toy supplier for brand>https://climagohi.com/blog/

June 2024 will be over in less than a few days.

Have you found that special someone you can love?

Perhaps everyone thinks that sex is the most difficult thing.

It's about finding someone who can do this with you.

With this person by my side, I can begin a blissful and fulfilling life.

harmonious

In reality, the real difficulty in sex is achieving "harmony".

Inharmonious sex not only causes negative experiences for our physical and mental well-being,

It often makes you lose the person you finally found.

The sexology researcher, monk Tong Li, once commented:

Sex plays a decisive role in intimate relationships; it is not merely a barometer of intimate relationships.

Lubricants, thickeners, and even engines and drive shafts.

Partners break up, couples divorce.

The underlying factor of disharmonious sexual life accounts for 70%.

According to experienced members of our community, harmonious sexual relations account for 90% of all relationships.

Therefore, it's difficult to find someone to have sex with.

Finding someone compatible with you for sex is even more difficult .

To be precise, you can't find people who are compatible with X.

Rather, it requires both sides to possess the concepts, skills, and abilities to achieve harmony.

This often requires both parties to work together and improve on each other.

How to proceed?

What should you do if you want to have a harmonious sex life?

Many people might think that "mastering a few do-i techniques" is enough.

In fact, the harmony of X is not just about emphasizing physiological pleasure.

Desire, gender temperament, sexual preferences, sexual attractiveness, etc.

All of these will affect our experience during sexual contact.

Therefore, to achieve harmony in sex, we must have a comprehensive understanding of sex.

Let go of preconceived notions,

This requires us to "cultivate" ourselves in at least the following three aspects.

First point

The first step is to enhance intimacy with your partner.

When two people lack intimacy

They often experience anxiety during close contact.

Feelings of resistance or even fear Some needs cannot be communicated smoothly and cannot be met.

They even tacitly came to blows, creating a state of antagonism. When these situations arise,

Even the best sexual techniques are useless if you never break up, and harmony is impossible.

second

Secondly, maintaining and rebuilding sexual attraction is also quite important .

We often hear couples complain: After a while...

Doing it is like touching your own left hand with your right; there's no fun in it at all.

Without enjoyment, how can there be harmony? This situation essentially means that passion has faded in the relationship.

So how can two people create new passion?

How to rebuild attraction to each other?

This is the key to solving the problem.

third Finally, having good skills is essential to achieving enjoyment.

However, truly good techniques are not about simply copying the movements from textbooks .

Instead, we create a unique and enjoyable experience just for you.

This requires the two people to innovate and explore in terms of the methods and processes used.
https://climagohi.com/blog/
