China OEM adult toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/

China custom sex toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/

China realistic dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/

China TPE dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/

China adult toy supplier for brand>https://climagohi.com/

Despite the fashion industry's intentional or unintentional

They promote the idea that flat chests are a sign of sophistication.

But for the general public

A proud pair of breasts is still more appealing.

Not only does it make girls more confident

It also reflects the aspirations of many men for their other half.

But things always turn out unexpectedly.

While many girls are working hard to make their breasts firmer...

However, some people are distressed because they have too large breasts.

Amber Roach from the UK

She is 20 years old and 1.6 meters tall.

But her breasts are a full J cup.

It may be due to the inheritance of the mother's genes.

Amber in her teens

Her breasts developed to an E cup.

Taking a photo with girls of the same age

Her large breasts made her even more eye-catching.

As age increases

Amber is developing better and better.

A pair of 34J large breasts

Making her one of the "women with the biggest breasts in Britain"

But it also brought many troubles to life.

First, underwear is hard to buy.

Because my breasts are too large, it's hard to find the right size.

It's also difficult to find suitable clothes.

I look fat no matter what I wear.

Secondly, it affects social interactions.

Often leads to misunderstandings

Wearing the same clothes, others look pure and cute.

She dressed like an actress in the sex industry.

I always get strange looks when I walk on the street.

Sometimes they are even followed.

People will say: "You dressed like that on purpose, it's vulgar."

Third, large breasts bring a serious burden.

She is a girl who loves sports.

He was once a member of the school tennis team.

He excelled in rugby and middle- and long-distance running in track and field.

However, due to the excessive weight of the chest

She had to say goodbye to these sports.

Perhaps some people don't feel the heavy burden on their breasts.

An earlier Japanese underwear advertisement

There is a test regarding the weight of a woman's breasts:

Do you know how much a woman's breasts weigh?

in

A CUP = the weight of two parrots

B CUP = the weight of two guinea pigs

C CUP = the weight of two porcupines

D CUP = the weight of two rabbits

E CUP = the weight of two chickens

J CUP = two large watermelons

It's easy to imagine what Amber would be given.

How much weight and burden did this cause?

Because of this, her back was under excessive strain.

Muscle tension and spinal curvature

The doctor even told her that if she didn't get relief in time...

I might have to spend my days in a wheelchair by the time I'm 40.

Finding a partner is also a difficult task.

Most guys, while chatting,

It will then bring up her big breasts.

This is how to find a boyfriend

It's hard to tell if he likes someone.

Still for those big breasts

The troubles caused by naturally large breasts

She had to consult the NHS about free breast reduction surgery.

Hoping to reduce to a D cup

But the result was:

She refused surgery because she was "too small in stature and had too small a chest".

Left with no other option, I turned to crowdfunding.

I hope to have breast reduction surgery at a private hospital.

Just want to live a normal life
https://climagohi.com/
