China OEM adult toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China custom sex toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China realistic dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China TPE dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China adult toy supplier for brand>https://climagohi.com/blog/

What is the sexual response cycle?

The sexual response cycle, proposed by William H. Masters and Virginia E. Johnson, is a process of psychological and physiological changes in men and women during sexual behavior (including masturbation). They were pioneers in studying human sexual behavior patterns and made significant contributions to research on the treatment of sexual dysfunction.

The sexual response cycle can be mainly divided into four stages, but the duration of each stage, or the time it takes to reach a certain stage, varies from person to person. For example, it is actually quite challenging for you and your sexual partner to reach orgasm simultaneously.

Female sexual response cycle

1. Excitement phase:

When a woman experiences psychological or physiological stimulation, the labia majora and clitoris swell due to blood rushing to the genitals; the nipples harden; and the vagina dilates and becomes moist. The physiological reactions are as follows:

● Heart rate and breathing increase, blood pressure rises. ● Face, chest, and neck become flushed.

2. Duration (Plateau):

During this period, blood gradually fills the vaginal opening, causing it to harden.

The physiological reactions are as follows:

● Increased blood pressure, and a sustained increase in breathing and heart rate. ● Breast enlargement. ● Persistent swelling of the genitals. ●  The clitoris may retract slightly to avoid direct contact with the penis, and heart rate and breathing may continue to increase.

3. Orgasm:

Female orgasms generally last longer than male orgasms, averaging 13-51 seconds. Furthermore, most women do not experience a refractory period, so multiple orgasms in succession are possible. The physiological responses are as follows:

● Involuntary muscle contractions occur, with the uterus and vaginal opening experiencing rhythmic contractions of 0.8 times per second.

4. Resolution period:

As the body gradually returns to normal, the physiological response is that the swelling of the genitals gradually subsides, and the heartbeat and breathing also slow down.

Male sexual response cycle

1. Excitement phase:

The general situation is similar to that in women. Upon physiological or psychological stimulation, blood flows to the corpora cavernosa, causing them to swell and harden, and the scrotum tightens, causing the testicles to retract. The physiological reactions are as follows:

● Heart rate and breathing increase, blood pressure rises. ● Face, chest, and neck become flushed.

2. Duration (Plateau):

The physiological response at this time is that the glans penis and testicles will enlarge due to the influx of blood. The muscles of the buttocks and thighs will tighten, blood pressure will rise, and breathing and heart rate will continue to increase.

3. Orgasm:

The physiological response at this time involves a series of contractions in the pelvic floor muscles, prostate, seminal vesicles, and vas deferens, ultimately triggering ejaculation and expelling semen through the urethra. Male orgasm typically lasts 10-30 seconds, during which muscles involuntarily contract.

Incidentally, only about 5% of semen is sperm; the rest is composed of various substances such as proteins and amino acids.

4. Resolution period:

The penis and testicles will gradually return to their pre-erect state, while breathing and heart rate will remain at a high rate. Unlike women, men enter a refractory period after orgasm, which is why men cannot experience consecutive orgasms. The length of the refractory period gradually increases with age ; a vigorous teenager may be fully aroused again in minutes, while an elderly person may need several days to recover.
https://climagohi.com/blog/
