China OEM adult toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China custom sex toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China realistic dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China TPE dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China adult toy supplier for brand>https://climagohi.com/blog/

Of course, girls will like X life, and girls have no less requirements for X life than men, let alone boys. However, unlike boys' "X love can be separated", girls' requirements for X life are highly related to their requirements for love. Note that the "love" I am talking about here does not only refer to "love", that is, it is not that there is love between men and women to have X life, because "love" here can also be understood as pampering, loving, caring and even longing to be loved. Therefore, a girl's X life can rarely exist without the good feeling for the other half, even if the girl goes out on an appointment, if she doesn't have the slightest affection for you, she can't deceive her body, she can't do it, she can't do it. Of course, if the threshold of "love" is crossed, the girl's requirements for X life will be greatly increased, and in terms of the girls I have come into contact with (18~50 years old), they can basically be roughly distinguished as follows: 18~29 years old (girls): Although I long for X life, I am very embarrassed to express it, I hope that the boy can be smarter and can give her the experience she likes in the details she gives (of course, this is hell difficult for boys with stupid brains). If a boy with a crush (whether it's a boyfriend or a kidney transplant) takes the initiative to propose to her, she won't refuse, but will symbolically push you away while scolding you as a villain, but if you insist, she will also "grab you" and start cooperating. Personal experience: 18~29-year-old girls are more introverted in X life, and the degree of cooperation needs to be improved, but the advantage is that the skin and figure are at their peak, so the look and feel are very good, and if the boy is the type with good physical strength or great demand, the vast majority of 18~29-year-old girls can cooperate for a few hours and continue the next day, because although a few hours are very tiring, but age determines that they recover very quickly. But at the same time, they will still have a certain sense of shame about X life, although they want it very much, but there will still be, this is not to say that they "pretend" or "play with mystery", and it is an innate feeling, so if the boy in front of the screen meets a girl of this age, he must be patient and gentle, carefully observe her reaction and make positive feedback in time, she will love you more and more. 30~39 years old (young woman): will take the initiative to put forward the needs of X life, and as they grow older, their needs and requirements will grow at the same time. If boys want to improve their skills and abilities, they must seize the opportunity for girls of this age. Because at this time, girls' experience, needs, and openness are all increasing, while their physical strength is only slightly decreasing, so for girls, this stage is actually the stage where they most desire X life and is also the most suitable for X life. Personal experience: 30~39-year-old girls begin to gradually let go in X life, the requirements become higher, the demand becomes larger, the variety increases, the patterns are more complex but the physical strength is slightly reduced, so the advantage of living X life with girls of this age is that for Xiaobai boys, their own abilities and skills will improve very quickly, for master boys, the two people will run in very, very fast, why? Because girls of this age are no longer shy about their own needs, they pursue a more extreme experience, so their own needs and requirements for men will be clearer and higher, so if boys do not have a strong learning spirit and sense of service, don't provoke 30~39-year-old girls, but if you have a strong sense of learning and service, then get along with them, your experience will be very good, and the improvement speed will be rapid. 40~50+ (mature women): Girls (or "women") in this age group are the stage with the strongest demand for X life, and they are the most straightforward and enthusiastic stage. If boys are lucky enough to get along with them, they can experience the ultimate experience of combining their two different identities (as a mother and as a lover), in other words, your experience as a "boy" and a "man" can be satisfied at the same time. And more importantly, girls at this age have a strong sense of service, but they rarely ask boys to do anything, it may be that the light clouds and long-term depression brought by age make them calm, but a man, as her lover, must pay attention to her every move, be careful and careful, why? It is precisely because their ex-boyfriends, ex-husbands, and even their current husbands who have not yet divorced have done this to them, they are discouraged and seek change and finally stay with you, understand? If you let her feel that she is still continuing her old life, I can tell you very responsibly that you two will be separated very quickly, very quickly, very quickly, because you still immerse her in the past instead of starting a new life, and she does not see her progress and change, so why is she still with you? Remember, freshness and security are the top priorities that 40~50-year-old girls will not talk to you, but you must give them the top priority. Remember to remember. Personal experience: Very good experience, I can experience "care and care for children" and "love and passion for husbands" from them at the same time, this experience is not given by women aged 18~39, only 40~50+ girls can do it, I love it so much.Although the vast majority of 40~50+ women will claim that they have a lot of needs, they want 6 hours a night, and joke that "there are only tired cows, no plowed land", but in fact, their physical strength can only last for about 1~2 hours at most, and the time is a little longer, and it doesn't feel that night, but the next day she will be very, very tired, and it will take a long time to recover, Although I think there is beauty at all ages, we still cannot ignore the impact of age on women's physical strength and physical fitness. It's like when I was 18 years old, I just slept all night for three days in a row, but now I can't do a doctorate, and I feel like I'm dying all night, the reason is the same. So if the boy in front of the screen wants to get along with a 40~50+ girl, or live an X life together, don't let your temperament and physical strength toss it, think more about it, she will be very, very happy.
https://climagohi.com/blog/
