China OEM adult toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China custom sex toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China realistic dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China TPE dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China adult toy supplier for brand>https://climagohi.com/blog/

I used to read novels that described girls as experiencing pleasure only after their first time, which made me believe that was true. But after experiencing it myself, I realized that the novels were all fake!
It's been over three months since my first time, but I only experienced true pleasure a couple of days ago! My boyfriend had an ex before me, and they had been intimate. This was my first time with him. Before we had sex, I thought he would be experienced and it wouldn't hurt so much the first time. But he was really clumsy and didn't know how, so it hurt too much the first time and we couldn't succeed. The second time, I forced myself to succeed, but it was excruciating. Luckily, he came quickly, otherwise I think I would have been traumatized.
After we started having sex, my boyfriend lied to me, saying the pain wouldn't last, but that's not true at all! Every time, I could tolerate it for the first minute or two, but it would hurt after that. He was also uncomfortable and wanted me to be comfortable, constantly asking how I felt. I was so angry I told him I'd be comfortable if he was. Sometimes I didn't want to have sex with him, but he wanted it whenever we were together. Because I was shy, I never really looked at his genitals properly, and I didn't touch them much. About a month later, I accidentally touched it and found he was still erect after sex. I was surprised, since we had just finished, and he said he'd always been like that, wanting it whenever we were together, but I just endured it because I wasn't comfortable. Honestly, I wasn't unhappy, but I was also very annoyed because I was indeed uncomfortable. So, after that, I usually satisfied him when he wanted it, but it still wasn't comfortable. We continued like this for over a month, and gradually the discomfort lessened, and the more pleasurable things became, until this month, when I finally had a real orgasm! Although some positions were still unsuitable and painful, the normal, traditional position was really comfortable, without any discomfort! I've summarized the reasons as follows: First, I'm getting more and more used to my boyfriend, which is a process that can't be rushed; it takes time. Second, a big difference in this process is that my boyfriend's foreplay has become extremely intense, and he constantly stimulates my genitals during the process, making me feel very comfortable! Third, it's about my mindset. I was probably nervous before, so it took me a little longer to get into the mood. But as time went on, I adjusted my mindset, focused on what made me comfortable (and was bolder), so it went very smoothly!
I'm writing this mainly to share with other women who, like me, have recently started having sex: it's perfectly normal to feel uncomfortable right after starting. Don't doubt yourself, don't put too much pressure on yourself, and communicate with your partner if you have any problems. I wish all women a satisfying and comfortable sex life! Tips: Actually, I was too shy to tell my boyfriend how I felt, which led to a lot of complications. My boyfriend's first time was with his ex, but she wasn't a virgin when they were together, so they didn't need to worry about anything. This led my boyfriend to think that he didn't need to put in much effort when we were together, assuming I was enjoying myself. I was too embarrassed to tell him I wasn't comfortable, so I kept asking him if he was done, trying to get him to finish quickly. This resulted in him losing his libido and not being able to ejaculate, torturing myself instead! He wasn't happy either! So, women, you must prioritize your own feelings and bravely tell your partner, let him follow your pace. If he only cares about himself, tell him to get lost!
https://climagohi.com/blog/
