China OEM adult toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/

China custom sex toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/

China realistic dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/

China TPE dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/

China adult toy supplier for brand>https://climagohi.com/

01

The home of the usually solitary Old Lady Yu has recently seen a flurry of people coming and going, which has puzzled the villagers.

This old lady, surnamed Yu, is nearly 90 years old, has no children, and lives alone year-round.

Even a fly or a mosquito that flies in is a rare companion to her.

For the past two weeks, a car with a sign that no one can understand has been parked in front of her house.

People who get out of the car, regardless of gender, are neatly dressed and walk with their heads held high. Judging from their appearance and demeanor, they are wealthy.

Humans have a natural curiosity.

The villagers, being nosy, would deliberately and casually pass by her house.

When I stepped near her house, my legs felt like they were made of lead, and I couldn't lift them. I kept trying to hear something.

Unfortunately, even if they were allowed to enter and participate, they probably wouldn't know who the visitors were to Old Lady Yu.

Because she couldn't understand what they were saying at all, but Grandma Yu answered them fluently.

The only thing the eavesdropper was certain of was that they were speaking 100% not Chinese.

Although Grandma Yu doesn't interact much with everyone usually, she occasionally chats with them.

Judging from her accent and tone, you could tell she was a typical northerner.

Grandma Yu can speak foreign languages, which truly amazes the villagers.

People of their generation experienced war and famine; simply surviving was considered quite lucky.

This only deepened the mystery surrounding Granny Yu.

02

Most people in the village don't know who she is or when she came to settle in the village. Even those who knew a little about her back then have almost all passed away.

The mystery surrounding Old Lady Yu only began to dissipate when she entered the home of the old bachelor Jia Zhong and raised her withered hand. 

Grandma Yu was from the north, and her maiden name was Yu Guizhi. When she was 15 years old, her father and two older brothers died one after another due to the war. 

She and her mother were left to depend on each other at home.

At that time, war raged, and everyone's only hope was to survive. They were indifferent to the life and death of others.

But the cassia branch is different. 

03

When she was 18, a young man of unknown origin, estimated to be around 20 years old, collapsed at the entrance of her village.

Passersby can only stop and look, then shake their heads and turn away. 

Only Yu Guizhi, disregarding her own weakness and lack of food and clothing, used a wheelbarrow to push the stranger home.

Her mother refused, but she couldn't resist her tearful, almost pleading expression.

Yu Guizhi's inherent kindness saved the young stranger's life.

Perhaps it was Yu Guizhi's benevolence that moved Heaven, because as the young man's health gradually recovered, their family's life also improved somewhat. 

One was a vigorous young man, and the other was an innocent young girl. They spent their days and nights together, and a special feeling developed between them. 

Life may still be tough, but love is a regulator, and it serves the same purpose in any era. 

The only drawback is that the young people don't know how to speak.

But this did not affect their communication and heart-to-heart talks; everyone called him the mute.

04

Two years later, Yu Guizhi became a mother.

The morning after she was a month old and started moving around, the men, women, and children of the village all rushed angrily to her house.

I initially thought they were there to offer congratulations, but judging from their demeanor, they seemed to be there for revenge.

Yu Guizhi instinctively pulled her sleeping son into her arms, sat on the edge of the bed, and stared blankly at everyone.

Without saying anything more, the leader told Yu Guizhi to hand over her husband, or he would demolish her house.

The young and naive Yu Guizhi trembled with fear, peering frantically into the crowd, hoping to find something.

"Your man is a Japanese devil," someone said.

Upon hearing this, Yu Guizhi's face was filled with horror, but then she steadied her gaze.

They followed the sound. The speaker was none other than Jia Rende.

After that, all sorts of things were said inside the house.

Some people sympathized with Yu Guizhi, while others mocked her, and most looked down on her.

Before she could think any further, her husband was forced into the house with his hands behind his back.

05

It turns out that the mute man, who had just become a father, was so happy that he forgot himself.

One night, the mute man came outside alone, knelt down, put his hands together, looked up at the sky, and mumbled something.

He chose to do it late at night to avoid being seen, but his actions were caught red-handed by Jia Zhengde, who was returning home late at night.

Although he couldn't understand what the mute was saying, Jia Zhengde harbored a deep-seated hatred for that tone and pronunciation.

His words fueled the public's desire for revenge to an unprecedented level, and everyone unanimously agreed to execute Yu Guizhi's mute husband.

Upon learning this, Yu Guizhi, disregarding the fact that she had just finished her postpartum confinement, knelt down in front of everyone and kowtowed repeatedly to beg for mercy.

No matter what Yu Guizhi did, the villagers remained unmoved. 

The mute man remained silent throughout, seemingly accepting that this was his destiny.

The woman, powerless to fight back, could only watch helplessly as her man was abducted by a group of villagers.

06

After the mute man was taken away, Yu Guizhi never saw him again, nor did she know where he was.

And so the name "Japanese woman" became her nickname, as if it were engraved on her forehead, making her recognized and despised wherever she went.

What saddened Yu Guizhi even more was that local folk healers and Western doctors in the surrounding villages refused to treat her sick son, which led to the child's death after only a few months.

After her child passed away, she devoted all her energy and time to finding out news about the mute man, running around and asking around in a humble manner, but still to no avail.

But her eagerness to find her husband was noticed and remembered by those who cared. 

This man was none other than Jia Zhengde.

One night, he went to Yu Guizhi's house alone.

After entering, he casually locked the already dilapidated wooden door.

He proposed that he would tell Yu Guizhi the news about the mute as long as she satisfied his lust.

Yu Guizhi naturally preferred death to submission.

In fact, Yu Guizhi had long sensed that Jia Zhengde harbored ill intentions towards her. Before she got married, he would often shamelessly run to the Yu family, completely disregarding the fact that he was a married man.

When he discovered that Yu Guizhi was having an affair with the mute man, he treated the mute man like an enemy.

To test a person's character, you don't need many things. Just see if they will take advantage of someone's misfortune or kick them when they're down.

Jia Zhengde is clearly unqualified.

07

Just as he was about to force himself on her, he was struck on the back by someone and immediately lost consciousness.

By the time they discovered him, it was already broad daylight, and Jia Zhengde had long since stopped breathing.

The man died in Yu Guizhi's bedroom, and what's more, he was only wearing a pair of baggy shorts.

Needless to say, it makes one think of what happened, and Yu Guizhi's disappearance has become irrefutable evidence that she fled to escape punishment.

Her three small, dilapidated houses were razed to the ground by the villagers, who were still furious.

Rumors quickly spread that Yu Guizhi was a Japanese spy. People said she could scale walls and take on five men single-handedly.

The death of Jia Zhengde proved these points. Otherwise, how could a weak woman have killed the tall and strong Jia Zhengde?

08

In fact, it was Jia Zhong who ambushed Jia Zhengde and rescued Yu Guizhi.

Jia Zhong is Jia Zhengde's younger brother. He is a quiet, unassuming man who only knows how to work.

Jia Zhong had long seen through Jia Zhengde's ill intentions, and after discovering that the mute was Japanese, Jia Zhong advised him to pretend he didn't know anything.

Over the past two years, the mute man has used his medical skills to treat many villagers who couldn't afford medical care.

He always treats everyone with courtesy, and Jia Zhong is one of the beneficiaries of that courtesy.

But Jia Zhengde said that these were two different things, and as he spoke, a lewd smile appeared on his lips.

Jia Zhengde summoned the villagers overnight to discuss countermeasures, but those who had received the mute man's kindness all hesitated to step forward.

However, Jia Zhengde's repeated descriptions of how so-and-so died tragically under the bayonets of Japanese soldiers brought back painful memories that had been sealed away.

The villagers, who had been hesitant before, all turned red in the face, clenched their fists, and gathered their strength.

Seeing that things were going badly, Jia Zhong took advantage of a moment when no one was looking and secretly ran to Yu Guizhi's house, telling the mute man to leave quickly.

"What will happen to Guizhi and the children if I leave?" The mute man uttered his first words in two years in awkward Chinese. 

"They can't catch you, they won't do anything to Guizhi and her daughter." But no matter how they tried to persuade her, the mute woman just wouldn't leave.

Besides feeling reluctant to part with Guizhi and her child, there was also a sliver of hope that the villagers they had helped would be spared.

09

However, human nature is complex.

Only when the mute man was bound hand and foot and taken away did he realize that his wishful thinking had always been just an illusion.

But it's common for people to treat each other with kindness.

As the mute was being led away to the back mountain, where he was to be tied to a tree and eaten by wild animals.

The villagers, who had been so aggressive earlier, deflated like punctured balloons, becoming hesitant and deferential. They were afraid they wouldn't sleep well at night.

At this point, Jia Zhong volunteered. He said that since he had no family or household, this was the perfect job for him.

He grabbed the mute man and glared at him fiercely.

After going up the mountain, Jia Zhong took the opportunity to release the mute man and led him to a place to hide.

He promised that when the time was right, he would bring Guizhi and her daughter out to reunite with him.

But when Jia Zhong brought Guizhi back to the mute man's hiding place, he was nowhere to be found.

From then on, it was as if the mute had never appeared in Yu Guizhi's life.

Regardless of whether Jia Zhengde was alive or dead, Jia Zhong knew that they could never return to that village.

So he and Yu Guizhi began a life of constant wandering.

10

The fact that one person can give up everything to protect another can only be explained by the feelings of parents for their children.

Yu Guizhi had always been Jia Zhong's beloved, but being of lowly status, he could only protect her from afar.

What Yu Guizhi and the mute were unaware of was that Jia Zhong had arranged for the mute to stay in the cave on the east side, but had taken Yu Guizhi to the west side.

When he saw that she and the mute man were in love, he felt jealous and disheartened.

But these petals, like those blown down by the spring breeze, turn into spring mud to nourish the flowers.

Love does not mean possession.

However, Jia Zhengde's outburst gave Jia Zhong hope and an opportunity.

He knew he couldn't take Yu Guizhi away legitimately, so he devised a plan to kill two birds with one stone.

He encouraged Jia Zhengde to go find Yu Guizhi, and then took the opportunity to ambush him, paving the way for himself to obtain Yu Guizhi.

While taking the blame for Yu Guizhi's death, he took her with him on the run, hoping to deepen their relationship.

Jia Zhong tried to probe Yu Guizhi, but she either evaded the question or pretended not to understand. 

In fact, Yu Guizhi had her own thoughts, which could be seen from the way she looked at Jia Zhong. 

11

After settling in the south, their paths crossed less and less. One lived at one end of the village, and the other at the other.

Sometimes Jia Zhong couldn't understand why, in this devastated era, it was better for two people to stick together for warmth than for one person to keep company with a solitary lamp.

But this is something that even someone living in the mundane world probably can't explain.

When conditions allowed, she tried to write to the mute man, but all her letters went unanswered.

However, the mute man did receive all of these letters. It's just that he no longer had a suitable identity to respond to her.

It wasn't until recent years, when the mute man's health deteriorated, that he remembered there was a woman waiting for him on the other side of the sea not far away.

So he instructed his juniors that if they had the chance, they must go and see the woman who had remained chaste for him her whole life.

At this time, Jia Zhong was also old and had no desires or wants.

When he saw Yu Guizhi for the last time, he finally told her the secret he had kept in his heart for decades. 

Upon hearing the truth, Yu Guizhi was so shocked that her wrinkled face trembled uncontrollably, and tears streamed from her almost dry eyes, running down her cheeks and down the deep lines of time.

Then he slowly lowered his raised hand and left his house with faltering steps.

What was left for Jia Zhong was a thin but resolute figure.

When people are greedy for affection, they become impure; when people are greedy for love, they become immoral. 

12

What Jia Zhong didn't know was...

In the first few months of her relationship with the mute man, Yu Guizhi began to have doubts about his identity.

After recovering, he considered leaving without saying goodbye.

Unfortunately, the chains of love bound him tightly, preventing him from lifting his legs to run away.

One night, he confessed to Yu Guizhi.

He came to China with his parents, both of whom were doctors and wanted to use their medical skills to help those in need.

His parents later died in an accident, leaving him homeless and orphaned.

A man wandered aimlessly until he was rescued by Yu Guizhi.

Upon learning the truth, she was shocked, conflicted, and in pain, but looking at her affectionate lover, Yu Guizhi ultimately could not resist the joy in her heart.

Ultimately, they decided to keep it a secret together.

Love is not only a spice of life, but also a kind of adhesive. Even if it cannot unite people into one, it can keep them inseparable.

Two years of companionship have resulted in a lifetime of waiting and longing.

Being together without being attached to each other only results in a distant silhouette.

Whether it's worth it or not, only the parties involved can say for sure.
https://climagohi.com/
