China OEM adult toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China custom sex toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China realistic dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China TPE dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China adult toy supplier for brand>https://climagohi.com/blog/

Sexual life shouldn't be static; only by constantly trying new "tricks" can you achieve a more harmonious sex life. Below are 8 sex positions recommended by experts.First tip: Pleasing yourself is just as important as pleasing your partner.

Sometimes, women, fearing their partners won't be satisfied, try their best to meet their needs. However, sex is a two-way street; if a woman only tries to satisfy her partner, she may end up hating sex. Women should be direct with their partners about their needs without feeling guilty or embarrassed, because men actually prefer women who enjoy sex.

When a man discovers that his actions bring pleasure to a woman, it excites him more than any aphrodisiac.

Second tip: Don't pretend to please men.

To please men, some women can convincingly fake high-quality sex, making it impossible for men to tell the difference. However, they don't consider the long-term consequences: if they don't feel pleasure but pretend, they are undoubtedly encouraging men to repeat the same mistake, because they mistakenly believe that this method brings women pleasure.

The third tip: Don't neglect other parts of a man's body.

Men often seem to think they can go straight to penetration without any foreplay and enjoy it. This is actually a misconception. Touching and teasing excite men because when women do this, they are essentially saying how much they like his body.

Some women may be too shy to take action, but no man dislikes it when women do it, so just go for it and you'll see immediate results.

Touching and teasing are simple; just run your fingers over his entire body, especially his inner thighs and nipples; sometimes touch his genitals as a tease. Women can also use their hair, tongue, and eyelashes to enhance the teasing effect.

Fourth tip: Don't be afraid of sexual fantasies

One woman confessed that she imagined herself having sex with Leonardo DiCaprio every time she had sex with her husband. This fantasy excited her immensely, and her husband also found pleasure in her wild movements.

She didn't think it mattered, since she couldn't possibly have an affair with Matt Damon anyway. Experts say sexual fantasies are healthy because they are not only a great source of motivation, but the things that happen in fantasies don't have to be real.

For example, if a heterosexual man fantasizes about lesbian scenarios, it doesn't mean he is gay; similarly, if a woman imagines having sex with a man other than her husband, it doesn't mean she wants to have an affair. Sexual fantasies simply indicate that a person has a rich imagination, and this can indeed stimulate sexual activity.

Fifth tip: Don't stick to the same routine

If you have sex in the exact same way every night, even if you reach orgasm every time, it will eventually become boring. This is because you've lost all anticipation.

Sixth trick: Understand the other person's body

We know everyone is different, and this applies to sex as well. If a woman has had sexual experience with other men before, she might sometimes apply those methods to her current partner, which is inappropriate. So, how do you find out what your partner prefers? This requires careful observation.

Of course, some people will automatically express their preferences by shouting, but many people may be the type who prefer silence. In this case, you can listen to whether their breathing quickens or they gasp; whether their pupils suddenly dilate; and whether their jaw relaxes. After observing like this for a short time, you can match their preferences perfectly.

Seventh tip: Love your body

Nine out of ten modern women feel they are too fat. This self-deprecating perception can sometimes prevent a couple from enjoying the pleasures of being naked together.

For example, a person who feels self-conscious about their small breasts might feel inferior when their partner touches them, and subconsciously avoid their partner's hand or try to draw their attention elsewhere. Over time, such signals can bother the partner and thus affect the sexual relationship.

One woman trained herself to think this way: although her breasts weren't large, men were happy to sleep with her, which proved they didn't see anything wrong with them. As a result, she stopped resisting her partners touching her breasts.

Eighth tip: Make good use of assistive devices

Sexual enhancement products are great tools for adding fun to sex because they can offer many new ideas and increase stimulation. For some people, they can even solve problems of sexual incompatibility.
https://climagohi.com/blog/
