China OEM adult toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China custom sex toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China realistic dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China TPE dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China adult toy supplier for brand>https://climagohi.com/blog/

[Sex Myths] Many people believe that men and women's sexual desires are always out of sync. When men are young, they tend to "think with their lower bodies" and are always energetic in bed. However, as men get older, they may experience a decline in their ability to perform and a decrease in their libido. On the other hand, some young women are always in a "passive role" in sex, but after becoming wives or mature women, they may experience a situation where they are "like wolves in their 30s and tigers in their 40s," becoming more "daring and adventurous" in sex.

In a YouTube video, Taiwanese nursing PhD Hsu Lan-fang stated that women's hormones change after the age of 30, with an increase in male hormones responsible for arousing sexual interest. Therefore, the claim that mature women have a higher sex drive is physiologically valid.

However, Dr. Xu felt that "the influence of hormones is not that great," so are there other factors at play?

Because you learn "self-love" in bed.

Dr. Hsu Lan-fang, a nursing PhD from Taiwan, bluntly stated that most young women aged 20-30 play a "more passive" role in bed.

Women over 30 have more sexual experience, have felt the pleasure of sex, and are more adept at enjoying sex and understanding their own bodies. They are more likely to initiate or discuss bedroom matters. When a woman's role in bed changes from "passive" to "active," men may perceive an increase in her libido.

Nursing PhD Xu Lanfang also stated that as women get older, they become more adept at showcasing their sexual charm.

Therefore, men are more likely to perceive their sexiness and feel that women's libido increases with age.

On the contrary, do men experience a decline in libido after age 30?

Dr. Anup Jethwa mentioned on the online doctor platform LloydsPharmacy that men's testosterone levels decrease by 1% annually between the ages of 30 and 40.

Men experience a greater decline in testosterone levels after age 40, which in turn leads to decreased libido.

When does a woman's libido decrease?

Taiwanese nursing PhD Hsu Lan-fang frankly admits that female sexual desire is difficult to "categorize".

Some women naturally have low libido or have never experienced sexual pleasure, and their libido may remain low.

Women who have always had a high sex drive may experience a decrease in libido after childbirth due to hormonal changes.

Women going through menopause may also experience discomfort during sexual intercourse due to vaginal dryness, which can gradually reduce their libido.

Further Reading:"You're not a woman if you don't menstruate": The neglected plight of women after menopause.

Do mature women have high sex drives? Which age group of women have more sexual fantasies?

David Buss, a psychology professor at the University of Texas at Austin who specializes in evolutionary psychology, published a study on female libido in 2010, which found that mature women do indeed have a higher libido than younger women.

The study by psychology professor David Buss interviewed 827 women and divided them into three groups based on their fertility.

Three fertility groups:

18-26 years old (high fertility)

27-45 years old (low fertility)

46 years and older (menopause)

The study found that women aged 27-45 have more and stronger sexual fantasies than younger women, and they also have more frequent sexual encounters.

Women aged 27-45 are even more "open" than younger women, and they are more willing to develop purely physical relationships or one-night stands.

Psychology professor David Buss bluntly states that the reason why women tend to have more frequent sex as they get older may be based on the biological "nature" of reproduction. When fertility declines, instinct drives them to make good use of their remaining "reproductive time".

Conversely, young women are relatively more likely to conceive, so their libido is relatively low, and their
https://climagohi.com/blog/
