China OEM adult toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China custom sex toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China realistic dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China TPE dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China adult toy supplier for brand>https://climagohi.com/blog/

A while ago, I had an interaction with a female fan: Zhou Rui (pseudonym), born in 1989, had a three-year long-distance relationship, and their intimate moments could be counted on one hand. She got pregnant on her first time with her husband after marriage. Before their child turned two, they slept in separate beds to avoid disturbing her husband's work during the day. Now that the child is three, she's finally free. But her husband is busy with promotions and raises, and he's so tired he falls asleep as soon as his head hits the pillow. They only have sex once every two or three months, and each time it's rushed. Afterwards, her husband goes to sleep, while she suffers from insomnia time and time again.

Author: Xiaohuang Sexual Interest Class
Link: https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/162267706
Source: Zhihu
Copyright belongs to the author. For commercial reproduction, please contact the author for authorization; for non-commercial reproduction, please indicate the source.

"3 or 5 minutes before he was in the state, he disarmed and surrendered", "There is no foreplay, and he has to cooperate with him to pretend to be a cake tide", "After finishing it, he fell asleep, he is like an apricot love machine", "There is like a fire in the body, it can't be extinguished"…….. In the relationship between the sexes, women are always on the weaker and more reserved side. Even if there is hope, it will be pressed back because of strong shame. Most people worry: "Will taking the initiative to say yes make him think I'm open?" "There are still many people who know very little about the sweetness of the cake tide, and think it's not fun, meaningless, or even dirty and duo.

Author: Xiao Huang Sexual Fun Class
Link: https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/162267706
Source: Zhihu
The copyright belongs to the author. For commercial reprints, please contact the author for authorization, and for non-commercial reprints, please indicate the source.

The China Center for Women and Children once released a report that 68% of women have never experienced orgasm. Even 93.7% of women pretend to orgasm in order to please boys.

Sure enough, on the topic of sex, we are all "giants in thought and dwarfs in action": in the ideal world, we hope that our sexual charm is maxed, and we can live happily and independently, but once we return to reality, we are too cowardly.

Don't dare to say "I want it" and dare not enjoy sex. Even in the relationship between the sexes, blindly accommodating each other and being hurt sexually.

Xu Tianming, chairman of the Chinese Society of Sexology, said: "There are more sexual blindness than illiteracy in China. ”

Sex is not a flood beast or something that cannot be put on the table, on the contrary, it is the most beautiful thing that God has given you. Just like eating and sleeping, it is simple and beautiful.

I remember the story in the book "Sex Toy 101": At the Stockholm Music Festival one year, an old lady walked into the sex toy booth on the outskirts of the festival with her two granddaughters and said loudly: "I want to buy an electric massage stick for my granddaughter." I want them to know that their sexuality is their own. ”

However, too many modern women have financial control, can live, and know beauty, but in the relationship between the sexes, they are still trapped in the cocoon of the old world. I always believe that women's true independence is: not only in social roles, but also in economic independence, quality of life, closing the door, and being the master of their own hopes. That's your AB side. And today I would like to introduce you to a small object to help you open the unique B-side of du.
https://climagohi.com/blog/
