China OEM adult toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China custom sex toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China realistic dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China TPE dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China adult toy supplier for brand>https://climagohi.com/blog/

Because it doesn't need to endure it at all. If someone asks, why can men resist not doing beautiful manicures? Can you resist not drinking sweet milk tea? Can hold back from collecting cute rabboos…… Many men will also look confused. Although both men and women have sexual desire, the intensity and frequency of sexual desire are not on the same order. Both men and women have sexual desire, just like animals have to eat, and sooner or later they will go if they don't eat. But there are also differences between animals and animals, such as birds, rectums, if you don't feed them for three days, they will die directly to you, although cats and dogs can resist for a few more days, but if you really don't feed them for three days, they will also scold you frantically; Cold-blooded reptiles such as geckos, horned frogs, and snakes do not eat for a week and do not delay their healthy life. In terms of sexuality, males are more like birds, while females are closer to reptiles. Therefore, birds cannot understand cold-blooded animals: "Aren't they hungry if they don't eat for so long?" Oh my God! How can they endure it? Cold-blooded animals can't understand birds and mice: "Why are you busy flying around every day?" Are you sick? How comfortable is it to sleep on your stomach in the sun? Just as some men can't understand women: "Why did I block me as soon as I mentioned going to bed?" Don't they have sexual desire? Don't they want to shoot? Some women also can't understand men: "Why are these lower body animals so dirty and so obscene? My mind is full of this kind of thing? It's disgusting! "The factory configuration is different, and it is difficult to understand each other. Women's sexual desire is generally not as strong as men's, nor is it as frequent as men's. Of course, some men refuse to admit this, and when they hear that women have low libido, they think they must have said this on purpose, it must be to raise the price of B. In fact, people who think so can also try to raise the price to see if it can be successful. Some people say it's not right, some women have a strong sexual desire, such as…… So I used the word "universal" earlier, just as men are generally taller than women and generally stronger than women, most people will not have any objections to this, regardless of gender. Although there are also Guo Jingming among men and Zhang Weili among women, people know that these people are individuals, and as far as a general phenomenon is concerned, these cases can be ignored. For men, sex is more like eating, you can't do without it, you can't eat without it; And for women, sex is more like drinking. Except for a very small number of wine-loving wine Mengzi, most people don't like to drink very much, white is spicy, beer is bitter, and foreign wine is somehow spicy and bitter. But most of them have drunk wine, some are for socializing, some are for socializing, and some are friends and relatives are not easy to get together, and the atmosphere is here. However, when there is no need to socialize, there is no need to socialize, and when you are alone, many people do not think of drinking at all. In this case, those who still drink are the ones who really like wine and love wine.

Some women sleep with men for love, some for money, for material security, or even simply for having children. Women who have sex just for the sake of sex account for a small proportion of the female group. Sex, for men, is like a game, and sex itself can bring pleasure. So, men tend not to ask women for anything other than sex, if there is, it's better, if not, they usually don't force it. But for many women, sex is more like going to work, and it doesn't bring much happiness in itself. Therefore, women tend to ask men for many things other than sex, such as money, material things, companionship, protection, dependence, security, emotional value, lifelong dependence, etc…… Without these additional feedbacks, women feel like they are at a loss, just like they have worked for a month but have not received their salary. For men, the purpose is often very simple, that is, sex itself, as for all the behaviors such as love, promises, gifts, red envelopes, kneeling and licking, etc., it is just a means to achieve the goal of "sex"; For women, on the contrary, although they also engage in sexual acts, their purposes are often not simple, and everything other than sex is their real purpose, and sex itself is often used by women as a means to obtain these goals. Of course, there are a few women who, like men, can get pleasure from sex itself, and their purpose is simply sex itself, but there are not many such women. In fact, sometimes I think men are really a sad species. Sexual desire is like a low-end version of drug addiction. Although it can bring people short-term happiness, more often than not, it brings annoying troubles and even painful suffering.

Although some men with excellent modeling or wealth and power can hug left and right every night, it seems that they only need to enjoy the pleasure brought by sex and will not be tortured by sexual desire at all. But the vast majority of human beings, both men and women, are not outstanding in modeling, have no money, let alone power, but are just disappearing from everyone. For this part of the men, the pain caused by sexual desire is often much deeper and longer than that short-term pleasure. However, if you don't look at the description of the topic, just look at the topic itself, I think what you said is right, as a woman, at least I think I can bear it. This kind of thing is neither elegant, nor decent, nor very comfortable, but not only did I grit my teeth and endure it, but I even worked hard every time I was performing, pretending that I was enjoying it so much that I felt like Oscar even owed me a statuette! Now that I think about it, I admire myself! There are two benefits to hypocritical performance, one is to help enhance the relationship, a man, I have come to the step of rolling the sheets with him, then I must love him, after all, with my family background and material desires, I will not be reduced to selling my body for money, since I love him, how can I let him be disappointed? It's like you go to a good friend's house for dinner, and they are busy cooking a table of dishes, even if you think it's not delicious at all, for the sake of your friendship, in order not to hurt each other's hearts, you should pretend to be a few more bites, even if you pinch your nose, as an affirmation of his cooking skills, right? second, this kind of exaggerated performance often makes the opponent quickly surrender and lose, and if it ends early, I won't have to endure it anymore. Kill two birds with one stone, why not do it? Although sex can't bring me any happiness, the fact that I can be with the other person and let him be by my side is happier than anything else. In order to achieve the goal of "being with the person you like", what can you endure? Many times, boys who don't like to go shopping, in order to accompany the girls they like, will also go shopping with her, press the road together, chase boring soap operas together, and talk about topics they are not interested in at all. Accommodation and consideration are mutual. Although I don't understand why men always have a strong sexual desire and always think about cannonball, in my heart, I treat him as sick, illness will cause him to feel uncomfortable, and I can help him treat this disease and relieve the pain caused by this disease. If the partner is sick, does the healthy other person not buy medicine and take care of it, and let the other person be sick and suffer? If you really want to be so indifferent, then what kind of love are you talking about? Get married to P?
https://climagohi.com/blog/
