China OEM adult toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China custom sex toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China realistic dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China TPE dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China adult toy supplier for brand>https://climagohi.com/blog/

Recently, when I was watching Douyin (TikTok), 5 out of 10 videos were talking about estrogen. They said that people who don't take care of their skin or exercise have great figures because they have high levels of estrogen.

However, I'm very worried that some women might see these kinds of videos and incorrectly supplement with estrogen in the name of beauty. So today, let's learn about estrogen correctly.

0 1

What is estrogen?

Estrogens in the human body are mainly produced by the ovaries and placenta. Natural estrogens include estradiol, estrone, and estriol, with estrone being the most active estrogen in the body.

The estrogen secreted by our bodies is professionally called "endogenous estrogen"; estrogen derived from artificial synthesis or food is called "exogenous estrogen".

The Proceedings of the Royal Society B points out that the source of female charm is estrogen, which can make women's skin delicate and shapely.

First, it stimulates the development of female secondary sexual characteristics . There is an old Chinese saying that "a girl changes a lot at eighteen," largely due to the secretion of estrogen.

Second, estrogen promotes the proliferation of the uterus and endometrium , and embryo implantation is inseparable from estrogen.

Third, it promotes bone growth and calcium deposition . Osteoporosis is common after menopause because estrogen secretion gradually decreases after menopause.

Fourth, estrogen also keeps our vaginal environment acidic , which improves our ability to resist bacterial infections and gynecological diseases. This is why the vaginal infection rate increases in women after estrogen levels drop during menopause.

Fifth, regulating the menstrual cycle : Estrogen and progesterone work together to form the menstrual cycle, and our regular menstrual cycle is closely related to estrogen.

Sixth, fat metabolism : Many women tend to accumulate fat in their lower abdomen as they reach middle age, which is largely related to the decrease in estrogen secretion.

7. It has effects on many organs throughout the body . Estrogen has certain effects on the health of the cardiovascular system and the vitality of the brain.

0 3

Dangers of low or high estrogen levels

Estrogen is truly a wonderful thing that gives us smooth skin and a curvy figure, but is it really true that the higher the level, the better?
1Dangers of excessive estrogen

Accelerate bone closure

Estrogen promotes bone closure in children, and once the bones close, height will basically stop increasing. Therefore, for children who are still growing, excessively high levels of estrogen can indeed affect their height.

Uterine fibroids

Estrogen not only stimulates the growth of endometrial tissue, but also the growth of smooth muscle. Excessive estrogen levels can also lead to uterine fibroids to some extent.

Promotes the development, recurrence, and metastasis of breast cancer.

Most breast diseases are caused by excessively high estrogen levels and endocrine disorders.

Estrogen is a precious hormone that accompanies a woman throughout her life, but too low a level is certainly not good.

Inducing depression

Studies have found that whether it is menopausal depression or postpartum depression, most patients with depression also have a lack of estrogen.

Menstrual irregularities, or even premature menopause

The combined action of estrogen and progesterone creates a regular menstrual cycle. If estrogen levels are too low, the menstrual cycle will inevitably become irregular. Severe estrogen deficiency may lead to female infertility.

Skin deterioration

Low estrogen levels can cause women's skin to lose elasticity, become dull, dry, and develop various pigmentation issues.

Menopausal syndrome

The gradual decline in ovarian function and the gradual decrease in estrogen levels are the causes of menopausal syndrome in women.

0 4

Who needs estrogen supplementation?

I. Primary ovarian insufficiency

II. Menopausal women : Around the age of 50, ovarian function gradually declines, and the number of follicles gradually decreases. Postmenopausal women may experience hot flashes, vulvar atrophy, vaginal dryness, and difficulty with intercourse due to low estrogen levels.

Estrogen therapy is the most effective treatment for relieving menopausal symptoms and has been used for 70 years, with its efficacy being fully recognized.

III. Women after hysterectomy

Fourth, some women with severe menstrual disorders, as well as those trying to conceive , may take estrogen for a short period under the guidance of a doctor.

Except for women who have undergone hysterectomy, other women who have been using estrogen long-term should have their endometrium tested, and the decision on whether to use progesterone in combination therapy should be made based on the test results.

05

Estrogen stability is the most important

Normally, the estrogen levels in our bodies are in a relatively balanced state, so women of childbearing age do not need to supplement with estrogen. We just need to do the following to keep estrogen levels stable.1Maintain good lifestyle habits

Avoid staying up late, as it can cause endocrine imbalances and lead to estrogen secretion disorders. Therefore, it is essential to maintain a regular sleep schedule and get enough sleep.

Quit smoking and drinking. Cigarettes and alcohol have a significant impact on women, so it's essential to quit smoking and drinking to maintain good health.

Soy products contain soy isoflavones, a type of estrogen-like substance that can exert a slight effect on estrogen in the body without raising estrogen levels. Although the effect may be very weak, it's still good to supplement your protein intake by eating more soy products.

Studies have shown that soy isoflavones can help alleviate hot flashes and vaginal dryness during menopause. However, if menopausal symptoms are severe, it is still necessary to go to the hospital for professional estrogen therapy.

Estrogen is important, but it should never be supplemented through health products. This is what worries me most; many online sellers and resellers are aggressively promoting their products as having ovarian maintenance and anti-aging effects.

If it works, it definitely contains estrogen; if it doesn't contain estrogen, then it definitely won't work and there's no need to buy it.

Estrogen is a double-edged sword; too high or too low levels are both detrimental. The most important thing for us is to maintain a stable estrogen level in our bodies. Normal women of childbearing age do not need supplements; don't blindly pursue beauty at the expense of your health.

If estrogen supplementation is indicated for a specific condition, it must be used under the guidance of a doctor. Never blindly abuse it; taking health supplements with unknown estrogen levels is extremely dangerous. Beauty is important, but health comes first!
https://climagohi.com/blog/
