China OEM adult toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China custom sex toy manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China realistic dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China TPE dildo manufacturer>https://climagohi.com/blog/

China adult toy supplier for brand>https://climagohi.com/blog/

Why does my wife's expression seem to show more pain during sex, especially when she's highly aroused? Many couples 
may have noticed that women sometimes appear to be in pain when they reach orgasm. At this time, they 
experience pleasure, but why does it look like they're in pain?
Why do couples sometimes express the same facial expressions when experiencing orgasm and pain during sex? This is because 
the areas of the brain and spinal cord that control orgasm and pain overlap, and this close connection inevitably leads to some interesting consequences.
It turns out that the areas of the female brain and spinal cord that control orgasm and pain overlap, meaning that 
　　orgasm and pain share common facial expressions. Researchers speculate that 
　　the nerves that transmit pain and pleasure run closely together in the spinal cord and brainstem, thus evoking the same facial expressions. 
　　The brain then distinguishes between these two sensations and transmits them to different areas.
　　This connection also produces some positive effects. For example, when women reach orgasm, their 
　　sensitivity to pain is reduced by half compared to normal. On a positive note, 
　　when women achieve orgasm through vaginal self-stimulation, their sensitivity to pain is reduced by half compared to their normal (resting) sensitivity.
　　In some cases, when medication fails to relieve pain, surgery may be necessary to sever certain spinal nerve pathways 
　　to achieve pain relief, thereby blocking the possibility of orgasm. Sometimes, the effectiveness of surgery 
　　is temporary; the pain recurs after six months, but the ability to orgasm returns. 
　　During both orgasm and pain, at least two brain regions (the insula cortex and the anterior cingulate cortex) are concordably active. This 
　　raises a fascinating but still unanswered question: how does the brain accurately distinguish between pain and orgasmic pleasure? What are the differences between neurons in generating the sensation of pain and the pleasure induced by orgasm?
　Do these two areas of the brain possess some common properties regarding pain and orgasm? In this way, it would be possible to distinguish between the same intensity of emotional expression (displayed by facial muscles) as different sensations of pain and orgasm.
　　It is highly likely that the neural pathways transmitting pain and pleasure 
　　run closely in parallel within the spinal cord and brainstem, so both can lead to the same arousal and facial muscle responses. Then, somewhere in the brain, 
　　these two sensations are differentiated and transmitted separately to the pain-sensitive and pleasure- sensitive cortices. In this case, 　　sensory activity from stimuli, whether originating from the genitals or other areas, would elicit the same facial expression changes 
　　before the brain ultimately distinguishes them .
　　Love and health regimen for a healthier sex life
　　1. Sexual intercourse can help relieve stress.
　　Sexual intercourse helps release beta-endorphins, hormones that trigger feelings of pleasure in humans, 
　　thus helping to relieve stress. If you're feeling stressed at work lately, 
　　besides getting a spa treatment, you can also seek out our lovely ladies for services!
　　2. Sexual intercourse can help with sleep.
 On one hand, it's related to stress reduction; on the other hand, during sex, muscles are aroused and tense, leading 
　　to a feeling of relaxation afterwards, thus aiding sleep. If you're still not relaxed enough, get a massage after sex , and anything that's not relaxed enough will loosen up completely!
3. Sexual intercourse can help boost immunity.
　　When endorphin levels rise in the brain, it produces feelings of pleasure and relaxation, and incidentally promotes 
　　the secretion of immune proteins. It seems that sex can be a cure for illness and a health tonic for those without!
　　4. Sexual intercourse can maintain beauty.
　　During sex, sex hormones and adrenaline are secreted more rapidly. Sex hormones can enhance a woman 
　　's feminine charm, while adrenaline makes the skin look brighter and more radiant. So, the more you have sex 
　　, the less you'll need SK-II, and your money won't be taken by Xiao Qiang!
　　5. Sexual intercourse can boost self-confidence.
　　The act of passionate lovemaking makes one feel loved, pampered, needed, and valued, thus making one 
　　feel attractive and more confident. And who can resist the allure of being loved and pampered?
https://climagohi.com/blog/
